README.md, before:

# vrisian
## Open-Source Asset Editor for Games
Vrisian is an asset editor targeted at games like Minecraft. It allows for super-simple editing of assets such as images and text files.

Vrisian is written as a WPF project in C#.

The word `vrisian` is completely made-up, by the way.

## TODO:

### Bugs

### General
 - New files (gui)
 - Rename files (gui)
 - Delete files (gui)
 - Moving files (gui)
 - Export menu
   - Options
     - Scaled up (Gif of animtions)
     - Before / After
     - Tiled
     - All pngs stitched (animations: gif)
   - Copy to clipboard
 - Generators
   - Chime Format new item (gui)
     - Item to override
     - texture
     - override
   - New animation (gui)
     - [Wiki](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Resource_Pack#Animation)
   - New resource pack (gui: version)
 - Style
 - Add Image Editor undo 

### Technical
 - Make ImageEditor and TextEditor non static with some manager

### Text Editor
 - Find and replace (regex)
 - Syntax Highlighting

### Image Editor
 - Image saving
 - Editor Tools (cursor)
   - Pencil (default)
   - Selection
   - Move
   - Flood
   - Erase
 - Tool options (size)
 - Pallette
 - Image Copy/Paste
 - Recognise files with .mcmeta as animations
 - Image Animation
   - Frame viewer
   - New Frame Button
   - Frametime editor
   - Interpolate option
   - Preview animation

Commit message:

Major Refactor + Animation Support
Made ImageEditor and TextEditor UserControls!
Also added full support for mcmeta Animations
I promise I will commit more lol

README.md, after:

# vrisian
## Open-Source Asset Editor for Games
Vrisian is an asset editor targeted at games like Minecraft. It allows for super-simple editing of assets such as images and text files.

Vrisian is written as a WPF project in C#.

The word `vrisian` is completely made-up, by the way.

## TODO:

### Bugs
 - Zooming in the Image Editor does not go to the middle / mouse like it should
 - Editors are not closing like they should be sometimes causing an exception to program close
 - Animation loops backwards

### General
 - New files (gui)
 - Rename files (gui)
 - Delete files (gui)
 - Moving files (gui)
 - Export menu
   - Options
     - Scaled up (Gif of animations )
     - Before / After
     - Tiled
     - All pngs stitched (animations: gif)
   - Copy to clipboard
 - Generators
   - Chime Format new item (gui)
     - Item to override
     - texture
     - override
   - New animation (gui)
     - [Wiki](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Resource_Pack#Animation)
   - New resource pack (gui: version)
 - Style 

### Technical

### Text Editor
 - Find and replace (regex)
 - Show Tabs
 - Syntax Highlighting

### Image Editor
 - Image saving
 - Undo / Redo
 - Editor Tools (cursor)
   - Pencil (default)
   - Selection
   - Move
   - Flood
   - Erase
 - Tool options (size)
 - Pallette
 - Image Copy/Paste
 - Image Animation
   - Edit mcmeta for new frame ( only if "frames" is specified)
   - Frametime editor
   - Interpolate option
   - Preview animation
